applications: machine_learning: Update documentation (#16051)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/machine_learning/app_desc.rst

* nRF5340 DK - Simulated sensor (:ref:`sensor_sim`).
  The simulated sensor generates predefined waves as acceleration.
  This development kit does not have a built-in accelerometer.
* nRF54H20 - The DK does not have a built-in accelerometer.
  The DK has two configurations:

>    * Single-core - Accelerometer (``ADXL362``) connected to the DK with the :file:`nrf/boards/shields/pca63566/doc/index.rst` shield.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Single-core - Accelerometer (``ADXL362``) connected to the DK with the PCA63566 shield.
     See details in :file:`nrf/boards/shields/pca63566/doc/index.rst`.
```

>    * dual-core - Simulated sensor (:ref:`sensor_sim`).

Reviewer: Link target pca63566 not found and the doc build fails. Where do you want to link to?

  * **Button 1** switches between data forwarding and running a machine learning model.
  * **Button 3** changes the signal generated by the simulated sensor.

> * nRF54H20 DK:

Author: Good idea.

         * ``rotate`` - Red
         * ``updown`` - Green
         * ``tap`` - Blue
         * Anomaly - Purple

         If the machine learning model is running but has not detected anything yet or the ``idle`` state is detected, the LED is blinking.
         After a successful detection, the LED is set to the predefined color.
         The LED effect is overridden on the next successful detection.
      * If the device forwards data, the LED color turns red and uses the following blinking patterns:

         * LED blinks slowly if it is not connected.
         * LED blinks with an average frequency if it is connected but is not actively forwarding data.
         * LED blinks rapidly if it is connected and is actively forwarding data.

   .. group-tab:: nRF52840 and nRF5340 DKs

      Both nRF5340 DK and nRF52840 DK use monochromatic LEDs to display the application state.
      The **LED1** displays the application state, and the **LED2** displays the signal generated by the simulated sensor.

      * If the device is returning the machine learning prediction results, the **LED1** blinks for a predefined number of times and then turns off for a period of time.

>          Then the sequence is repeated.
>          The machine learning result is represented by the number of blinks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Then the sequence is repeated.
        The machine learning result is represented by the number of blinks:
```

         * ``sine`` - 1 blink
         * ``triangle`` - 2 blinks
         * ``square`` - 3 blinks
         * ``idle`` - 4 blinks

         If the machine learning model is running but has not detected anything yet or has detected an anomaly, the **LED1** is breathing.
      * If the device forwards data, the **LED1** has the following blinking patterns:

         * LED blinks slowly if it is not connected.
         * LED blinks with an average frequency if it is connected but is not actively forwarding data.
         * LED blinks rapidly if it is connected and is actively forwarding data.

   .. group-tab:: nRF54H20 DK
      nRF54H20 DK uses monochromatic LEDs to display the application state.
      **LED0**, **LED1** and **LED2** display the application state.

      * If the device is returning the machine learning prediction results, a pattern of LEDs are turn on.

>          The machine learning result is represented by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The machine learning result is represented by:
```

Optionally, you can also connect to the device using `Edge Impulse's data forwarder`_ and forward data to `Edge Impulse studio`_ (after logging in).
See `Forwarding data to Edge Impulse studio`_ for details.

Testing with the nRF54H20 PDK
-----------------------------

After programming the application, perform the following steps to test the nRF Machine Learning application on the PDK:

> 1. Turn on your PDK.

Reviewer 2: Is it PDK or DK now?

Reviewer: Good point, DK it is.

Author: It should be DK.

   The application starts in a mode that runs the machine learning model.
   **LED0**, **LED1**, and **LED2** are blinking because no gesture has been recognized by the machine learning model yet.
#. Move the device up and down.
   The ``updown`` gesture is recognized by the machine learning model.
   **LED0** turns on for some time.
#. Rotate the device.
   The ``rotate`` gesture is recognized by the machine learning model.
   **LED1** turns on for some time.
#. Tap the device.
   The ``tap`` gesture is recognized by the machine learning model.
   **LED2** turns on for some time.
#. Shake the device.
   The machine learning model detects an anomaly.
   **LED1** and **LED2** turn on for some time.
#. Gesture detection results can also be read using the Nordic Status Message Service.
   Start the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.
#. Connect to the device from the application.
   The device is advertising as ``Sensor HUB``.
   The services of the connected device are shown.

>    If the device can not be found - the PDK might be connected to the other device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the device cannot be found - the PDK might be connected to the other device.
```

>    Terminate the connection with the other device, refresh the scanning and connect to the PDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Terminate the connection with the other device, refresh the scanning, and connect to the PDK.
```

>    If the device disconnects shortly after being connected - the PDK might have saved bonding data from previous connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the device disconnects shortly after being connected, the PDK might have saved bonding data from previous connection.
```

>    The bonding data can be erased if you double-click the **Button 0** within 3 seconds after the application reboots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can erase the bonding data by double-clicking the **Button 0** within three seconds after the application reboots.
```

> #. Find **Nordic Status Message Service** by its name or UUID (57a70001-9350-11ed-a1eb-0242ac120002).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Find **Nordic Status Message Service** by its name or UUID (``57a70001-9350-11ed-a1eb-0242ac120002``).
```

#. Read its **Characteristic User Description** to see that it is ``Gesture``.
#. Read the **Nordic Status Message Service** message characteristic to check the initial status.
   It presents the status string that describes the previously detected gesture.
#. Enable notification for the characteristic.
#. Move the device up and down.
   The ``updown`` gesture is recognized by the machine learning model and **Nordic Status Message Service** is updated.
   **LED0** turns on for some time.
#. Rotate the device.
   The ``rotate`` gesture is recognized by the machine learning model and **Nordic Status Message Service** is updated.
   **LED1** turns on for some time.
#. Tap the device.
   The ``tap`` gesture is recognized by the machine learning model and **Nordic Status Message Service** is updated.
   **LED2** turns on for some time.
#. Disconnect the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application from the device.

> #. Press and hold **Button 0** for more than 5 seconds to switch to the data forwarding mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Press and hold **Button 0** for more than five seconds to switch to the data forwarding mode.
```

   After the mode is switched, **LED0**, **LED1**, and **LED2** start blinking very slowly.

> #. You can test the data forwarding mode of the application with the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Test the data forwarding mode of the application with the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_:
```

   a. Open the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application and connect to the device again.
   #. Bond with the device from the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.
   #. Find **Nordic UART Service** and enable notification of its "TX Charcteristic".
   #. Observe the sensor readouts represented as comma-separated values.
      Every new value represents a single sensor readout.

> #. You can also test the data forwarding mode with use of additional DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Test the data forwarding mode with an additional DK:
```

>    a. Program the :ref:`central_uart` sample to a compatible development kit, for example the nRF52840 Development Kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. Program the :ref:`central_uart` sample to a compatible development kit, for example the nRF52840.
```

   #. Turn on the programmed device.
      After a brief delay, the Bluetooth® connection between the sample and the PDK is established.
      The nRF54H20 PDK forwards the sensor readouts over NUS to the Central UART sample.

>       The **LED0**, **LED1**, and **LED2** on the nRF54H20 PDK start to blink rapidly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The **LED0**, **LED1**, and **LED2** on the nRF54H20 PDK start blinking rapidly.
```

>    #. Connect to the Bluetooth® Central UART sample with a terminal emulator (for example, PuTTY).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Connect to the Bluetooth Central UART sample with a terminal emulator (for example, PuTTY).
```
